(It's the photo shooting site for Yves, the ninth girl of LOOΠΔ)
(Yves, HaSeul and a blurred girl are here!)
ALL: Hello~
(The girls feels little awkward talking in front of a LOOΠΔ TV camera...)
'Direcoor: How dow you feel?'
?: I'm so nervous...
HaSeul: I will give them a lot of advice!
(It looks awkward but let's start 'new' LOOΠΔ TV with new girl Yves!)
HaSeul: Fighting!
???: Fighting!
(Yves with a white dress!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves - new"
Yves: I felt awkward to do a photo shoot.
Yves: I was a swan.
Yves: But now I'm... a bride?
Yves: I'm not sure... What am I?
Yves: But thankfully, she helped me~
ViVi: I think If someone gives advice, the photo will be came out better.
ViVi: So it's my pleasure to give her some advice
Yves: There are a lot of props, right?
Yves: Using them was a little too difficult for me.